Air Force crew make last minute checks
at the Lade military air base near Doha
to American c17 planes are loaded with
880,000 meals as part of an a drop into
Gaza US ambassador to Qatar Timmy Davis
is there to oversee preparation I don't
think there's a limit in our thinking uh
to what we're willing to do with our
partners um and we know that we have uh
a military team here that's capable of
doing uh much much more in whatever is
needed
the nearly 2,000 kilm Journey from Doha
to Gaza takes 3 hours this is the
largest US military aid Dro since the
war in Gaza
began it is an attempt to get Aid to
those who are desperate for it famine is
imminent in the northern part of Gaza
and there is a risk of famine across the
Gaza Strip but Israel maintains its a
blockade much to the exasperation of Aid
agencies who say the situation on the
ground is catastrophic right now you've
got unnecessary impediments you've got
unnecessary restrictions one land
Crossing you could have five land
Crossings very very easily that's not
happening and when Aid does get in and
remember Aid is now getting in food
water medicine but nowhere near the
amount needed that is the critical point
in recent weeks Israel has been accused
of deliberately targeting the tiny
amount of Aid available and shooting at
Palestinians waiting for it here in Gaza
one in three children is suffering from
acute malnutrition and health officials
are saying around 60,000 pregnant women
are suffering from malnutrition and
dehydration causing glow birth weight
and increasing the risk of a still birth
Aid agencies say Aid drops such as this
are the most inefficient way of
delivering Aid an opening land borders
is the only way to ensure that enough
food reaches people to prevent them from
starving to death hanim Mahmud Al jaaz
RAF Southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer